# CS255-SystemAnalysisAndDesign
<ins>Briefly summarize the DriverPass project. Who was the client? What type of system did they want you to design?</ins>  
The DriverPass project was a software development need in which DriverPass, an up and coming web-based driver's education company wanted to improve their customer's ability to take tests and on-the-road training so that they would be able to pass a driver's exam.  The system they wanted was a cloud-based application run through any current web browser.  It included multiple access-levels for accounts such as customer/student, administrator, and driver.  Each user had specific requirements to complete their duties and they were all integrated to work with each other in some way.  
<ins>What did you do particularly well?</ins>  
I feel that I detailed the UML class diagram well to identify the necessary functions and attributes within each class.  I also feel that I built the sequence diagram in an understandable way to show the process flow for account creation.  
<ins>If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?</ins>  
I would choose to improve on the activity diagrams because I think that the information I provided seemed too vague to gather a complete understanding of the activity process for account creation and package purchase.  I would include more decision forks and add more detail between the steps of the activity to make this more clear.  
<ins>How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your system design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing?</ins>  
I interpretted the users needs by initially creating a bullet point list of the features that the customer wanted within the application.  Once the list was created, I started decomposing the functional and non-functional requirements, creating UML use case, activity, and sequence diagrams, forming classes to break each object down, and identifying functions for each of those classes.  I then built a UML class diagram to match the classes I built out so the documentation matched the needs I identified.  It is important to consider the user's needs because if the application doesn't meet the user's needs, they will not use the product or they will be unsatisfied while using it.  Creating a product that matches their needs is of high importance.  
<ins>How do you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a system?</ins>  
When designing software, I initially read through or take notes on what the customer has asked for, then break this down into its basic parts.  Building a strong foundation within a software application is important to prevent problems later on, as well as to meet the needs of the customer accurately.  In the future, I would utilize the same process that I used to build the DriverPass system, but I would spend more time designing the activity diagrams for my fellow developers.  
